# BYTECRAFT
[Bytecraft](https://bytecraft.club) is a smart contract where users can purchase 32x32 8-bit blocks representing images in 32x32 grid.

Bytecraft is currently hosted on Ethereum Main Net @
The official app is hosted at [bytecraft.club](https://bytecraft.club)

## Contract
The contract has only one external payable function:
```solidity
function setColors(uint8 x, uint8 y, bytes32[chunk_height] clr) external payable
	withinBounds(x,y)
	hasTheMoneys(x,y)
```

This function claims a 32x32 8-bit pixel chunk in the 32x32 grid and the image data. In order to claim it, the amount paid needs to exceed the amount that was last paid on the chunk (starting at 0). If another user takes control of this chunk, the last user will be refunded the ether they staked.

The main function for viewing is:
```solidity
function getChunk(uint8 x, uint8 y) external view
	withinBounds(x,y)
	returns(bytes32[chunk_height], address, uint, uint)
```

This returns the image data as well as the owner, how much they staked, and the block number this transaction happened. There also some additional view functions for logging so that the image generator does not need to query every single chunk.

## Image Generator
The image is generated by the Haskell program in hs/minecraft-viewer. It's currently being run on our server once every hour and serves the image.
...

## App
The app for viewing and modifying the contract is in js/image_setter and js/hover_test. The viewer displays the image made by the image generator and overlays a hoverable grid displaying meta data of each chunk. Clicking on the square takes you to the setter page.

## Relevant files:
hs/minecraft-viewer
js/image_setter
js/hover_test
solidity/LiterallyMinecraft.sol
